Sioux City is this big.
No bridge
Yan'er, long time no see.
No time to get together
Why don't we have a meal together?
You'll go crazy if you go left-handed with me
I only think of him as my sister
swallow
I still can't forget you
Don't say such ridiculous things
I saw through your hypocrisy seven years ago
Oh swallow swallow
Let me explain.
I had my reasons back then
It's Mrs. Zuo
He provokes feelings between the two of us
I thought you betrayed me.
That's why I'm so hot-headed that I do that kind of stop
Please stay away from me
I feel physically sick when I see you
Don't you want to know
Who was that man that night?
Let's talk about Yaner
Who is that man?
Yan'er, do you remember this?
You were 15 years old.
Bring me here
The first time I ate this cheap fly soup
But I find it particularly delicious
I didn't come to be with you for a long time.
Yeah all these years
You are hungry alone with a child